Thank you for taking the time to review this manuscript and identifying points of potential confusion. I have edited much of the text to clarify the goal of projection methods, the approach and test cases, and added a few figures. Please find a response to each comment below.

1.      For publication in a computational fluids journal, the manuscript should provide at least a basic validation result. Without this, I have concern about the following in the manuscript:
a.      The fact that the matrix A has a single zero eigenvalue means that the matrix is singular and without a unique solution. While the presented method is focusing on the accelerating the reduction of the residual, it is problematic for a pressure solver to have no unique solution. The author should discuss this issue and address how they resolve this issue in this work for the context of calculating pressure forces on boundaries and immersed bodies.
b.      The author does not provide any comparison of force data for the unsteady incompressible simulation results where available data exists.

1. The two results sections are extensive and direct validation studies for the new method. They document the ability of the solver to quickly reduce the velocity-divergence residual throughout the domain, which is the purpose of the pressure projection step. I have added substantial discussion throughout the text to help clarify this critical conceptual point. I have also added sample residual and error plots to the synthetic cases in Figure 2 as it is always helpful to show representative large-scale features before jumping into ensemble metrics. "The results show that the initially highly-localized residual is distributed and projected out throughout the domain, without build-up of error on the domain or immersed boundaries. Repeated V-cycles drives the residual and error to machine zero in every case." has been added to section 4.
a. "The zero eigenvalue means the solution is unique up to an additive constant, in agreement with the derivative action of the pressure on the velocity-divergence. While it is possible to add an additional condition to the matrix, this is not required and has no impact on the projection problem or the measured pressure forces." has been added to the section 2.
b. Comparing the predicted forces against available data would be a validation of the nonlinear flow solver and not a validation of the linear projection method. I have included references to previous work validating the flow solver. Comparing pressure forces obtained from the different projection methods is a good sanity check, however, and this has been added as Figure XXX. As expected, the predicted forces are essentially identical for any solver that achieves the same residual reduction.

2.      The manuscript does not provide details in the following areas making it unclear what is being done so that data can be reproduced:
a.      The simulations in section 5 are done on grids with "different sizes and aspect ratios". This needs to be given in detail. How do these grids compare to production-level grids used for quantitative simulations? The domains appear to be "toy problems" and it would be helpful to know if the performance improvement has the possibility to translating into engineering domains.
b.      The author does not address how the matrix A changes for the immersed boundary problem. The manuscript feels incomplete without incorporating a discussion of this information. Will this method work on any matrix A associated with immersed boundaries or just their specific implementation?
c.      The non-static synthetic data cases are not motivated or described well. What does it mean to solve a 2D sphere in a quiescent fluid? Why is there no streamlined body case? Also, in looking at the solution of the 2D sphere case (Figure 2c) the Neumann boundary condition that is stated as being used in the text is not being honored by the solver (lower-left corner of the domain). Is this case different?

2.
a. The flow solver cases are fully-quantitative: "The first three cases are
variations on standard unsteady flow benchmarks, while the second two are
variations of recent validated biologically-inspired flows [24]." I've added a new Appendix B with the numerical and physical parameters used for each test case. "The flow
cases in this manuscript use Cartesian-grids, but this does not limit the general-
ity of the projection problems as the resulting A matrices are nonuniform due to
the presence of the immersed geometries. The current data-driven GMG frame-
work can therefore be readily extended to the nonuniform matrices induced by
stretched structured grids. Extensions to unstructured grids would require the
use of algebraic instead of geometric multi-grid, and a similar data-driven sparse
smoother could accelerate such projection methods." has been added to the conclusion text.
b. I have expanded the immersed boundary method discussion and reference and added an example in the new Appendix A. Unfortunately, most immersed boundary methods don't adjust their pressure equations for the presence of the body, meaning they match the cases without immersed geometries in this manuscript. My group has shown previously how inaccurate this makes their pressure projection, but at least the current solver would find those inaccurate solutions 2-3x faster!
c. I've updated the synthetic case motivation text and figure 2. "A set of six synthetic cases were developed to establish the ability of the data-driven approach to project out residuals located at (i) domain boundaries, (ii) within the fluid, or (iii) on body boundaries." and added their details in the new Appendix A. From this it is hopefully clear that the body being "streamlined" is immaterial. There is a streamlined body case in section 5 which, of course, features all the residual elements of the synthetic cases. Thank you for pointing out the plotting error in that figure, which has been corrected while updating Fig 2.

3.      The high-level, almost cursory, review of the literature in the introduction does not clearly delineate any distinct shortcomings of existing methods that the presented method addresses. As such, it is not clear what the point-by-point contributions of the manuscript are or what the advantages of the method presented are compared to other methods.

3. I have added more discussion to the lit review to clarify the current contribution. In short, the existing CNN methods are only qualitative (and don't see any speed-up anyway). Previous "sparse" smoothers are not data-driven and don't see any speed-up for typical problems (and only see speed up on very skewed problems when they are not sparse) and previous data-driven restriction/prolongation operators have not achieved any acceleration. As such, this paper's demonstration of 2-3x speed up using data-driven methods to accurately project out the velocity-divergence across a wide range of flow problems is the first of its kind. 

4.      The metric of "relative time" is not clearly defined and is being compared to a V-cycle Jacobi smoother, which is considered an unviable option. The author then spends time on the top of page 9 discussing the number of cycles to convergence and comparison to serial smoothers. The basis of what defines a successful reduction in time is unclear to the reader.  How does it compare to viable options or traditional Multi-grid solvers?

4. I'm comparing GMG V-cycle performance in all cases - the only thing changing is the smoother. Both the GS-GMG and SOR-GMG are viable and "traditional Multi-grid" solvers and are extremely difficult to outperform, as documented in the lit review. In Fig 3a "The results for a Jacobi-smoothed GMG V-cycle are shown for comparison as this is the initial condition for the untrained data-driven method.", whereas the time in Fig 3b is given relative to a single Jacobi-smoothed V-cycle "since Jacobi-smoothing requires the smallest possible number of operations per V-cycle on a given grid." 

Minor concerns and suggestions
1.      The break between section 2 and the first four paragraphs of section 3 is weird.

1. I removed all weirdness. 

2.      Beginning with the abstract, the work hedges and says that the manuscript discusses the potential of data-driven methods to accelerate the pressure projection problem. It reads weak.

2. I agree. The abstract now reads "This work demonstrates the ability of data-driven methods to accelerate the approximate solution of the Poisson equation at the heart of pressure projection."

3.      The results in figure 4 are small and hard to see the residual at the areas of interest around the bodies and in the wakes.

3. I've increased the size by reformatting the figure.

4.      The legends on all of the bar plots interfere with reading the data.

4. I've moved the legends to the side.